docs: Cover MCP setup in the 4.0 migration guide (#666)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/11-upgrading/01-upgrade-to-three-five.md

> Beyond the server, `serverpod start` also launches the project's Flutter app. By default it uses Flutter's `web-server` device and opens your browser. Pass `--flutter-device <name>` to target a specific device. For IDE debugging, projects scaffolded with 3.5 include a `launch.json` that runs `serverpod start` with the debugger attached; you can copy that file into your existing project from a fresh 3.5 scaffold if you want the same setup.

Reviewer: Comment (pre-existing, outside this diff): two stale lines worth a quick fix while this file is open. This line mentions `--flutter-device <name>`, which is not a real `serverpod start` flag (only `--flutter` / `--no-flutter` exist). And line 25 pins `dart install serverpod_cli 3.5.0-beta.9`, while the latest 3.5 beta is `beta.12`. Up to you whether to fold these in here or leave them for a follow-up.

Author: is it not 4.0.0-beta.0 ?

Reviewer: Oh, yeah it should be 4.0.0-beta.0

Author: Rebased onto main, both are fixed there now (4.0.0-beta.0 pin and the flutter line)

## Set up the agent workflow (optional)

Version 3.5 ships AI agent skills and MCP servers (for editors like Claude Code and Cursor) that let your agent build, run, and inspect your server. A new project configures these during `serverpod create`, so the smoothest way to add the same setup to your upgraded project is to run the same command against the current directory. From the project's root folder, run:

```bash
$ serverpod create .
```

> Serverpod detects the existing project and adds the missing pieces without touching your source code. It registers the **Serverpod** and **Dart** MCP servers and installs the agent skills for the editor you select. The registration is written to `.mcp.json`, along with editor-specific files (`.cursor/mcp.json` and `.vscode/mcp.json`) in each editor's own format. The `.mcp.json` file looks like this:

Reviewer: Suggestion: `.mcp.json` is Claude's own file, not a shared one. In `ide.dart`, each selected editor gets its own file (`.mcp.json` for Claude, `.cursor/mcp.json` for Cursor, `.vscode/mcp.json` for VS Code), so a Cursor-only user gets no `.mcp.json` at all and could go looking for a file that is not there. Reframing avoids that (and fixes "editor" to "editors", since you can select more than one):

```suggestion
Serverpod detects the existing project and adds the missing pieces without touching your source code. It registers the **Serverpod** and **Dart** MCP servers and installs the agent skills for the editors you select. Each selected editor gets a config file in its own format: `.mcp.json` for Claude, `.cursor/mcp.json` for Cursor, and `.vscode/mcp.json` for VS Code. For Claude, `.mcp.json` looks like this:
```

Author: Done, applied your reframe

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "serverpod": {
      "command": "serverpod",
      "args": ["mcp-server", "--server-dir", "<project>_server"]
    },
    "dart": {
      "command": "dart",
      "args": ["mcp-server"]
    }
  }
}
```

VS Code's `.vscode/mcp.json` registers the same two servers but nests them under a `servers` key instead of `mcpServers`.

> :::warning

Reviewer: Suggestion: this warning to commit your work sits below the `serverpod create .` block, so a reader who copies the command first can run it before seeing the caution. It reads better moved just above the command block (around line 148), so the warning comes before the action. The text itself is fine; it is just a block move.

Author: Done, moved it above the command
